I
sunday
it's a shame the feet went on strike it
was as heavy as lead a very flat footed
I mean the list is sort of endless
really despite the injury you were
determined that's nice you know we were
dancing last wiggle them crutches three
days ago I started up with two da GV I
feel our bodies being bored by the
judges what is it with the GM TV
presenters you don't love rhythm is it
doll that sitting on the couch I am
going to cry so you know to even attempt
it I think was very very brave and good
luck to you need to shower howdy
for me this was a rumble with a
handbrake on the hip action was not
working for me I didn't feel you coming
together how deep is your love didn't
feel it still alive let down and down
again I thought it was all too clean and
clinical really cold rumors the most
difficult lighting down special for the
girl's mind I think tested to wake up so
I'm happy how do you busy on I guess the
person that did disappoint me was the
tissue I think she just lost her bottle
halfway through I'm just getting the
nerves get letting the nose gets me a
bit too much in my confidence a little
pep in the bottom two fella you know
just got to sort of pull myself together
and get it rip
you arrived with absolutely all the
thoughts and the world it was fantastic
and a very respectable attempt stephanie
is great to see real Hollywood glamour
I'm just thrilled her going out there
and pretended to be a dancing person I
mean that's what made me love it was
much I feel it was in my like Here I am
the great pretender don't know a thing
I'm doing july your smile carried you
around that law group my grandma she was
good doctor and I was very proud of her
dancing well actually Stephanie stuck
out for me tonight because she was a lot
not better than I had anticipated she is
a glamour Queen she looks incredible
thing
what can i buy I think you cut very well
with a very difficult dance if I was to
make us more criticism on the chef's is
when you go cyclo side there was a
little bit of a skippy feeling to them I
thought it was absolutely fantastic yeah
it wasn't quite as light as it could
have been overall abroad was good but
I'm thing about yourself that is
extremely competitive she'll be beating
herself up now i'm only gonna smile when
I feel I've done you know a really
really good routine up so that wasn't
good she wants to be the best and we
both thought she wasn't
where exactly where we didn't want to be
the middle yeah that's the most
dangerous place to be see me dancing off
Gaby has to be here and live to dance
another day vocab Ian James it came out
and dance very very wrong
sexo that was raunchy a very very good
absolutely gorgeous oh you're a
contender that's good comment to have
first time yeah that makes you feel like
you're part of the game get to bear
we sure did say to me nan I'm going to
be dancing for you which it does pull at
your heartstrings really once she
started dancing tonight I wildest dream
came true
she was luscious because I'm not
watching the dance of lust it has to be
said you do have the sex factor and
that's amazing tell you up in and you
must think you've died and gone to
heaven
I'm spiritual affluent had that in five
years up you make me so proud well let's
happen good course we get to just do
another one I saw really watching before
I stepped out and he was kind of
crowning a bit and then hopefully now
we're gonna dance you'll just be all
happy people it really hit the mark I
had no idea what a rumble was till I
came to the show
to be in the top two with penny is just
incredible because I think she's a
fantastic dancer glory hallelujah
Osborne Cox early part get ready to call
july
well Green Goddess you swing you sway
you rise you fall you pivot and perform
Ginger Rogers I loved it turn roll it
along first impression fantastic oh ho
you were like this feeling of ecstasy
there on the floor joint top with Kelly
I mean tend was a good result like that
it's perfect I can't believe it I'm
shell-shocked dude I just spoke to rod
and he's cried twice today why does miss
got the money and then he saw me in the
back of the car on this little TV thing
and he said I cried again when i heard
the scores i mean it is so proud of is
that I'm gonna be there I'm gonna be
there it's a great start for you know a
great start for and just kick the
fingers crossed she's the star you found
me now yeah she's so bad